---
layout: 'guide'
menu:
  docs_menu:
    identifier: account-management-security
    name: Manage Security
    weight: 30
    parent: account-management
    pre: dropdown
  home_menu:
    identifier: home-account-security
    name: Manage Security
    parent: home-account
    weight: 30
menu_name: docs_menu
section_menu: guides
---

# Manage Security

Explore the various options available for managing your account security from the [Security Settings](https://home.appscode.com/user/settings/general/security) page within the User Settings:

## Update Your Password

Ensure the security of your account by regularly updating your password. In this section, you can change your password by providing your current password, entering a new one, and re-typing it for confirmation.

## Two-Factor Authentication (2FA)

Enhance your account's security with Two-Factor Authentication (2FA). Follow these steps to enable 2FA:

1. Click the "Enroll into Two-Factor Authentication" button.
2. Scan the QR code or enter the secret key into your Authentication App.
3. Provide the passcode generated by your Authentication App.
4. Click "Verify" to complete the procedure.

## Security Keys (U2F)

For an additional layer of security, you can add U2F Security Keys once 2FA is enabled. This provides an extra level of protection for your account.

To add a U2F Security Key:

1. Click "Add Security Key" in the Security Keys section.
2. Enter a key name and click "Add Security Key."
3. A modal will appear with instructions. Insert your security key and touch/press it as instructed.
4. Once confirmed, the security key will be added, allowing you to use it for future logins.

## Manage Linked Accounts

Easily manage your linked accounts from this section. Linked external accounts, such as Google or GitHub accounts used for signing in, will be displayed here. You have the option to remove linked accounts, but keep in mind that removing an external account prevents future sign-ins using that specific account.

If needed, you can link the same account again to regain access.

Remember, account security is crucial for safeguarding your data and maintaining a secure online presence. Regularly review and update your security settings to stay protected.

